okay you first ship to click on cod cod
to the city and then
work appears and you can simply click on
it enter and control a and boom
okay here we see some type of prediction
of unit 13 timing game made in audio
game usually produce the same type of
unit like night in Renaissance or tank
in modern then instead of going each
turn in your city to change the
prediction you can use the infinite
prediction
to make an infinite prediction is dead
as a simple click you use an alto click
which make appear star close your unit
which means you will produce it to the
infinite then if I produce a warrior
this turn another warrior is produced
this zone after
and if you if you want to make another
unit instead of example kick which will
make disappear you infinite prediction
you can use a control click which will
put the unit before your infinite
production then well my fast Walker will
be produced my infinite production will
result
and finale if you want to make lists in
production you use a shift to kick and
for example I want to produce first a
warrior then after a lambo do I want to
produce a spy and written and afterfat
Walker I can use the shift okay each
time
okay here we show you the reading print
the brat tip is when a unity produce
from the city it then it automatically
on a point a definite before to use the
reading point you first click on the
power of production and you shift the
right click on the case you want the
reigning point appears a yellow circular
appear meaning you there is ear
arranging print if you want to remove it
your your shift to right click on the
city and the yellow circle disappear
then in practice early unit purchasing
the city will automatically go on the
railing plant in the beginning of term
if you press ctrl-a then enter control a
up the warrior automatically move on the
case